okies don't kill me yeah oh you're so
nice and me yeah flippy on they got hurt
oh it doesn't hurt now hey Dad sure he
does oh wait off we got me I think I'm
dead now not every day today where do I
go then um alright a chicken on the
couch okay I'm dead and you got it kid
got a prince have to give me a kiss no
I'm eaten it helps to make you back glad
you did I couldn't really get guys you
did thank you so much i love you guys I
do I do David I thought you get pumped
about toys and they come let me take you
to that goat into my gosh no but I'll
take care of you you will okay where we
are when are we going to that Island to
that Island yeah all right okay
someone's gotta help me up oh thanks
Maggie dude and Justin
I eat my salmon great go back and kill
all the back let's go where are they
keep it that island Nelly gotta be all
bad guys know and very What's Wrong
Justin are you dead the bank he was
about himself the bad guy he killed
himself power three in my club I did it
is yay okay I'm okay